---
inFeed: true
hasPage: true
inNav: false
inLanguage: null
starred: false
keywords: []
description: ''
datePublished: '2015-12-12T22:53:16.621Z'
dateModified: '2015-12-12T22:53:00.160Z'
title: ''
author: []
authors: []
publisher:
  name: null
  domain: null
  url: null
  favicon: null
sourcePath: _posts/2015-12-12-d4e2af68-123a-4612-a15f-f0170482faac.md
published: true
url: d4e2af68-123a-4612-a15f-f0170482faac/index.html
_type: Article

---
The Anchorage has a 240 year history in the South Carolina Lowcountry. The owners Frank & Amy Lesesne,moved from Atlanta and opened the new 15 room boutique inn in the old manse in July of 2015\. Built in 1770, the completed renovations include 13 in suite bathrooms, a commercial kitchen, an elevator and a Top Deck. A cottage with 2 additional guest rooms accompanies the waterfront mansion in downtown historic Beaufort, SC. 

New York interior designer Michelle Prentice, created a look that is timeless and decorative objects with strong, clean lines. Award winning architect Cooter Ramsey kept the historical integrity of the building in tact while providing the luxury necessary for an authentic boutique experience. 

The waterfront inn features a Top Deck with the best views in the Lowcountry from sunrise to sunset. With walls 2 feet thick, Anchorage 1770 is believed to be the largest and oldest tabby structure still in use. Amenities including Adams Mantel fireplaces, mill work from the early 20th century, ornate plaster relief work and "Farm to Table" food for both breakfast and evening appetizers. The unique items specially made for the Inn, from soap crafted at a local goat farm to custom Lowcountry hanging beds. Activities including yoga, stand-up paddle boarding, in-room spa treatments and world class fishing. By boat or car arriving at the storied "Queen of the Bay" heightens all the senses for a luxurious Lowcountry adventure!